This directory contains files to create the Windows 95/NT (not Win 3.1!)
version of GlowMuck.  Windows 3.1 will never work cuz it's sockets stacks
are hopelessly bugridden and unstable.  Use Windows 95/NT, end of subject. :)

I used Microsoft C++ 6.0 and Borland Visual Builder 3.0 to create the Windows
version of glowmuck.  The Cygnus GNU libraries are not used at all.  The
ending executable is a 100% pure Windows 95/NT console application runnable
from any MS-Dos prompt, but it is highly advised to use the provided
RESTART.BAT batch file.  Use RESTART.CMD for Windows NT.

To compile...

Open the project in the subdirectory you want to compile.  If you have
problems where it can't find the paths, you can try to recreate the
project using the following guidelines:

Create a blank Console Application Project:

1. Include WSOCK32.LIB in the library set.
   -- Will cause linking errors if not set.
2. Define WIN95 in the definitions setting (this is critical.)
   -- Will cause piles of errors if not set.
3. Set your INCLUDE directory to include the GLOW/SRC/INC dir.
   -- Will say can't find copyright.h and any other header if not set.

Set up debugging as you want.  I recommend using 4-byte (32 bit)
aligment for data, but 8-byte (64 bit) should be ok.  This is
standard on Windows compilers.

If you have to make a new project, include all files in X:\glow\src except
those with main() functions other than interface.c.  Those are separate
utility functions, mostly unused.  Right now the only ones to exclude should
be resolver.c and topwords.c as I moved other non-used files to src\util.

Select 'console application' for the project type if you are using an IDE.
I truly pity you if you have to build a makefile by hand. *grin*  Select
all but the above mentioned files to compile and let her rip.  If God has
smiled on you, you just might get your own executable.  But since 9 out of
10 Win95 muck admins prolly wouldn't get this to work, I am going to be
providing the executable for most GlowMuck releases separately.  If I
haven't posted a new Win95 server for a version of Glow you want, send me
Email and nag me at least once every 3 days.  Hee.

Neither resolver.c or topwords.c has been ported yet and are unusable.  I
don't plan on porting topwords.c any time soon due to quirks I've seen in
the compression code when using anything but the original wordlist.txt file.
I do hope to eventually get the resolver working as a separate process, but
don't know a solution as yet to do it, so this may be a while.  Name
resolving should work now at least.

Lastly don't forget to copy the executable into your path statement, I made
the mistake several times of forgetting to copy the ending executable to
either the X:\glow\game directory or some other path in your PATH statement.
And don't forget to modify restart.bat, it's pretty useless until you do.

If you are using a non-Glow file setup, make sure you have a
X:\glow\game\logs\oldlogs directory and all other paths in the batch file
are correct.  I have used the script, it works, not sure bout @restart tho,
it should so long as 'restart' is in your path statement before anything
else.

-Andy/PakRat/Artie
