
Paths that run muf programs with arguments can't have spaces in the path
  names.  This is a limitation I imposed on the path matcher to make it
  somewhat simpler to code.  Paths to rooms can safely have spaces.

What mode does muf run in via _connect props?  Doing Brig Day for Qwest
  makes it appear that M3s can't set props on players they connect as?

Need to test MPI match_local for going up non-rooms til it finds a room.

Need to test @ignore/@gag code:
 -- Loading/setting of gag dbref lists.

Need to test that Glow _listen works as FB _listen does, with or without
  color versions of commands used.

The tilde color escape sequencs are broken, need to clean them up.
  (I think I got them working, check that ~&~& always becomes ~&.)

Mud object reset code needs some work.  The basic mud code is pretty much
  alpha code right now.  #undef MUD is recommended.

If you do use the MUD code, be aware that running a glowmuck server with
  '#undef MUD' WILL CLEAR ALL MUD/PLAYER STATS for the game and also will
  reset the dead/offered rooms.  Be wary!

The Pueblo code is... well, it isn't. :)  Hopefully I will one day be able
  to lift some of what Loki is putting in the Neon 2.0 stuff he's working on
  for Pueblo support.  Harass me if you are actually interested in having
  Pueblo working in GlowMuck.

The @linewrap in-server line wrapping is new and in theory could have flaws
  but so far has shown to take everything I throw at it.  Let me know if you
  see any quirks with it in both column formatting and proper setting/storing
  the linewrap value on the player.

The 'more' prompting is also new and may have flaws but has passed spammy
  test rats as well with no apparent side effects.  Mail me if anything
  doesn't act as you'd expect it to.

The lead/follow code has potential for a lot of holes even though it is in
  isolated areas of game.c and move.c depending on activity levels.  I am
  trying to come up with good ways to load test the code but believe that
  it should be stable.

The new alias code has been tested both at the macro expansion level and
  at the alias list/set level.  So far it has shown to work great with even
  the most funky alias substitution lists.


Mudstuff...

@title should say 'title' for Mob killers, not contents name.
Monsters should wait a while after dying to return.
The tick between hits is too slow.
Need a stat shown after each round of battle.
No exp when a mob is killed, er maybe Mr. Ferocious is worthless (argh!).
Need smoke or something when mob dies with exp listed.
